Log Parser for Error Log generated by the Sakai OAE core.

### Overview

The parser works by white listing each line of the log with known patterns.
If the line is not tainted by a pattern it is possibly a new defect type.


Also splits logs into parts for quicker review by QA and system admins:

* slow log - all slow queries
* urgent - patterns that should be reviewed
* uncaught - does not match a pattern (NEW error types)
* summary  - In HTML format
    

### Command line 

Supports Parsing whole directories, adding time stamps and ignoring info and warns which
would require a large amount of effort to maintain the rules.

(optional):
* --config=location of configuration file
* --startline=Line First line in error log to parse
* --config= Location of configuration file (falls back to config.yml)
* --startline= Line First line in error log to parse
* --ignore_info= Set to 1 to ignore the info level. This level has the most noise
* --ignore_unknown= Set to 1 to ignore the Warn level which contains a lot of noise
* --errordir= Location of directory containing log files. Overrides the configuration file setting.
* --errorfile= Location of errorfile to pass. Overrides the configuration file setting.
* --add_date= Set to 1 if you want a date stamp added at the end of file names
* --debug= Set to 1 to print uncaught wanrs and errors

### Requires Perl YAML module   

In Linux to install the YAML module:
sudo apt-get install libconfig-yaml-perl

### Configuration file structure

 - YAML (Yet Another Markup Language)

Variables to change in configuration files:

INPUT_FILES:
* ERROR_LOG - location of error log
OUTPUT_FILES:
*  SLOW - Slow queries file
*  SUMMARY_HTML - HTML version of the report
*  UNCAUGHT - Lines that were not white listed. E.G: New issues
*  URGENT - Lines that should be reviewed. Known significant issues


To add a new pattern look at IGNORE or URGENT sections for a given log level. Add the pattern
followed by : 0. This tells the YAML processor that the pattern has ended and sets the counter to 0.

### Scenarios:

Checking log for new defects during bug bashing.
*   wc -l log file to get startline number
*   Perform bug bash
*   Run parser. Any new bugs or slow queires go to DEV. Do this automatically through Jenkins. It can take care of the notifications and keeps track of history.

Automated nightly reporting

Plumbing into Jenkins. 
*    Breaks builds on new patterns
*    Sends e-mail with slow file
*    Plots over time (any quantity you want)
    
Developers
*  Start new instance on localhost
*  Do some testing
*  Run the script
*  Notice new error types / Cleanup and update patterns.
   
More? - Lots of features can be added if basics prove stable.

    
